# Bedrock Documentation Generator

## Overview
This repository generates documentation for different versions of Bedrock. The generated docs are stored in the `./docs` directory. Before fetching any data, ensure that the data is generated in the specific branch by checking the `exist.json` file in the root directory. This file includes the build version, engine version, and flags indicating the types of generated data.

## Checking Generated Data
The `exist.json` file is crucial for determining if the necessary data has been generated for a specific branch. This file must be fetched first to verify the existence of the repository and the availability of the required data. It contains:
- **version**: The version of the documentation (e.g., x.x.x or x.x.x.x).
- **build-version**: The version of BDS used to generate the documentation.
- **flags**: An array indicating the types of content generated. This array may include additional data generated by some flags that are not specified here.

Example of `exist.json`:
```json
{
    "version": "",
    "build-version": "",
    "flags": []
}
```

## Supported Branches
You can target specific versions via the following branches:
- **Latest Stable**: `stable`
- **Latest Preview**: `preview`
- **Specific Stable**: `stable-x.x.x` (e.g., `stable-1.20.10`)

## Flags
Flags in the `exist.json` file indicate the types of content generated for that branch. Before fetching any files, check for the appropriate flag to ensure the data exists. Read specific flags in sections about [Current Generator Flags](#current-flags).

## Targeting Files
To fetch the documentation files, use the following URL format:
```
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Bedrock-APIs/bds-docs/{branch}/docs/script_modules/@minecraft/{module_name}_{module_version}.json
```
Replace `{branch}` with the appropriate branch name (`stable`, `preview`, or `stable-x.x.x`), and `{module_name}` and `{module_version}` with the specific module name and version.

## Examples
### Preview Version
```js
`https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Bedrock-APIs/bds-docs/preview/docs/script_modules/@minecraft/server_1.7.0-beta.json`;
```

### Stable Version
```js
`https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Bedrock-APIs/bds-docs/stable/docs/script_modules/@minecraft/server_1.2.0.json`;
```

### Specific Stable Version
```js
const engine_version = "1.20.10";
`https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Bedrock-APIs/bds-docs/stable-${engine_version}/docs/script_modules/@minecraft/server_1.2.0.json`;
```

## Contribution
We welcome contributions from the community! Here are the steps to get started:
1. **Fork the Repository**: You can't properly debug the repo without a full fork.
2. **Allow Actions on Your Fork**: Ensure that GitHub Actions are enabled on your fork to run tests and other automated processes.
